Add functions `rw_recovery_status()` and `pg_is_in_recovery()` in doc (#2555)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/functions-operators/sql-function-sys-admin.md

f
```

## `rw_recovery_status()`

> Retrieves the current recovery status of the meta node. The return values can be one of `STARTING`, `RECOVERING`, or `RUNNING`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the current recovery status of the cluster. The return values can be one of `STARTING`, `RECOVERING`, or `RUNNING`.
```
